optional enter date for tasks

token reward for completing something every day / streaks

reward logging in every day
    dust? X tokens for X consecutive logins? X logins per week?
    OR for completing at least one task for each of the self-determined days-per-week?

NEW system of reward determination!
    For each task, user enters:
        - Effort /10
        - Time in minutes
    Task reward = (minutes / 10) * (effort / 10)
    Task reward total = ((task goal minutes * task goal times) / 10) * (effort / 10)
    Reward total = sum(task reward total)
    Prize cost = (cost dollars / budget) * reward total

task types:
    regular - the basic form
    one-off - delete once complete
    keeper-uppers - do them x days in a row or x days per week to earn the reward

dev site & database
    some kind of release configuration in netlify to insert prod database key

edit user details

graph of task completion

interpretations of completion dates , e.g. tuesdays are your busiest

bonuses for low days

genericise task & prize components??

Task and prize icons

detect total budget remaining by assuming automatic payments go in every week  
    get start date from user
    
solve the problem of some tasks being more difficult than others while taking the same amount of time
    boost/nerf?
    or not? maybe just dedicating the time to self improvement is the aim?
    or determine weekly minutes by desired tasks and task completions per week?
        would mean task rewards are diluted when adding new tasks, 
        but could suggest that user increases budget at the same time
    or user puts their tasks on a sliding scale which determines 'effort points' per task?
        effort points replace minutes. 
        same problem with reward dilution.

retool the personal goals system - minutes per day, days per week.
    what about weekends? 


the wheeeeel - rounded token dust goes into a pool and generates golden tokens when there is enough.

interest - for every token earned gain 2% interest on currently held tokens. 
gain a token when this dust accumulates.